this video is going to show you how to
quickly select multiple photos in iso
seven meaning your iPad or your iPhone
or an iPod Touch you will I believe you
will need to have is 07 to do this so
make sure it's on your device now in
order to select the photos you'll go
into photos so you will click on photos
and you will see that at the top of my
screen it says moments now you may see
different things you may see moments or
you may see different collections or you
may see years so really depends on what
your what your set at but what you'll do
is just click on it and you want to get
to the point where you see moments at
the top of your screen once you're in
moments you then we'll be able to scroll
and at the top right-hand part of your
screen you will see select and if you
click on select that will allow you to
go into each of your moments being
whatever it is by date or by title and
you will be able to select those areas
by clicking the Select under each
heading so you can see as I scroll there
is select by different dates and what
I'm going to do right now is I'm going
to select this special area number three
and you'll notice that all of those
videos are selected when I click and I
can deselect but when i click that
select button by april second you'll
notice that all of my videos are
selected once that happens in the top
left hand area I've got some options and
one of those options is the to be able
to go an email or to do different things
with them or I can go and delete them or
you can see the add to
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
show you how to delete the videos
quickly so what I would do at this point
is once they're selected I would just
click on delete and it will stay do you
want to delete all 11 photos and I would
click on the delete 11 photos in red and
you'll notice that all those videos have
now been deleted so that is basically
how you select multiple photos quickly
and then possibly delete